Document changes for SHOW INDEXES/CONSTRAINTS columns (#1523)
neo4j/neo4j-documentation: cypher/cypher-docs/src/docs/dev/ql/administration/indexes-for-search-performance/index.asciidoc

| `+`
| `+`

| `owningConstraint`

> | The name of the constraint the index is associated to, or `null` if it is not associated with any constraint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| The name of the constraint the index is associated with, or `null` if it is not associated with any constraint.
```

> | The name of the constraint the index is associated with, or `null` if it is not associated with any constraint.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| The name of the constraint the index is associated with or `null`, in case it is not associated with any.
```

Author: ```suggestion
| The name of the constraint the index is associated with or `null`, in case it is not associated with any constraint.
```
